Resources added for npm (#1625)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/107-nodejs/content/102-nodejs-npm/readme.md

> # Nodejs npm
> 
> npm is the world's largest Software Registry. The registry contains over 800,000 code packages. npm is also a package manager. It's used Open-source developers use npm to share software and many organizations also use npm to manage private development.
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Read' colorScheme="yellow" href='https://www.npmjs.com/'>Official Website</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Read' colorScheme="yellow" href='https://docs.npmjs.com/'>Official Documentation</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink badgeText='Watch' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jHDhaSSKmB0'>NPM Crash Course</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# npm

npm is the standard package manager for Node.js. 

It is two things: first and foremost, it is an online repository for the publishing of open-source Node.js projects; second, it is a command-line utility for interacting with said repository that aids in package installation, version management, and dependency management. A plethora of Node.js libraries and applications are published on npm, and many more are added every day

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Read' colorScheme="yellow" href='https://nodejs.org/en/knowledge/getting-started/npm/what-is-npm/'>What is npm?</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Read' colorScheme="yellow" href='https://nodejs.dev/en/learn/an-introduction-to-the-npm-package-manager/'>An introduction to the npm package manager</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Read' colorScheme="yellow" href='https://www.npmjs.com/'>Official Website</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Read' colorScheme="yellow" href='https://docs.npmjs.com/'>Official Documentation</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Watch' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jHDhaSSKmB0'>NPM Crash Course</BadgeLink>
```
